Update Matic.js doc - adding "Message" doc (#313)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/tools/matic-js/zkevm/message.md

> This document entails customization of wrapped tokens using adapter contracts, transfer of tokens between Ethereum and Polygon zkEVM networks, and how Matic.js can be used to bridge assets from Ethereum to Polygon zkEVM and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document shows you how to customize wrapped tokens using adapter contracts, transfer tokens between Ethereum and Polygon zkEVM networks, and how Matic.js can be used to bridge assets from Ethereum to Polygon zkEVM and vice versa.
```

Reviewer: Ideally, given this first para, the content should be split like this, and could be separate pages, with the same/similar headings:

Section 1: customizing wrapped tokens with adapter contract.
Section 2: transfer tokens between ..
Section 3: use Matic to bridge assets ... (instead, this comes first)

> ## Basic functions for error passing

Reviewer: This section should go at the bottom of the doc, perhaps under a new heading #Debugging

We refer to Ethereum as the _root_ chain and zkEVM as the _child_ chain.

Below we provide the two basic functions used for _error passing_ in each of the two directions: L1 --> L2 and L2 --> L1.

> **Message**

Reviewer: What does **Message** refer to?

Author: I realise that I should have removed "**Message**". I will do that.

> - For Root to child

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From root to child
```

```jsx
const bridgeTx = zkEvmClient.rootChainBridge.bridgeMessage(
				destinationNetwork: number,
        destinationAddress: string,
        forceUpdateGlobalExitRoot: boolean,
        permitData = '0x',
        option?: ITransactionOption
);

const claimTx = zkEvmClient.childChainBridge.claimMessage(
				smtProof: string[],
        smtProofRollup: string[],
        globalIndex: string,
        mainnetExitRoot: string,
        rollupExitRoot: string,
        originNetwork: number,
        originTokenAddress: string,
        destinationNetwork: number,
        destinationAddress: string,
        amount: TYPE_AMOUNT,
        metadata: string,
        option: ITransactionOption
);

// proof can be found from the proof gen API
```

> - For child to root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From child to root
```

```jsx
const bridgeTx = zkEvmClient.childChainBridge.bridgeMessage(
				destinationNetwork: number,
        destinationAddress: string,
        forceUpdateGlobalExitRoot: boolean,
        permitData = '0x',
        option?: ITransactionOption
);

const claimTx = zkEvmClient.rootChainBridge.claimMessage(
				smtProof: string[],
        smtProofRollup: string[],
        globalIndex: string,
        mainnetExitRoot: string,
        rollupExitRoot: string,
        originNetwork: number,
        originTokenAddress: string,
        destinationNetwork: number,
        destinationAddress: string,
        amount: TYPE_AMOUNT,
        metadata: string,
        option: ITransactionOption
);

// proof can be found from the proof gen API
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Bridging customized ERC20 token

The existing zkEVM bridge uses the ERC-20 standard contract for creating wrapped tokens depending on the token's native network.

> At often times organizations want to customise their wrapped tokens by extending some functionalities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oftentimes, organizations want to customise their wrapped tokens by extending some functionalities. 
```

> For instance, these functionalities could include: blacklisting, putting a cap on minting, or any sound auxiliary functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These functionalities could include: blacklisting, putting a cap on minting, or any sound auxiliary functionality.
```

This can be done by deploying adapter contracts that use the messaging layer of the bridge.

However, for the sake of maintaining consistency among wrapped tokens, strict standards must be followed when extending their functionalities.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Standardizations

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Adapter contracts need to implement the [Polygon bridge library](https://github.com/0xPolygonHermez/code-examples/blob/main/customERC20-bridge-example/contracts/base/PolygonERC20BridgeBase.sol) and expose `bridgeToken()` and `onMessageReceived()` functions.
2. There should be two separate adapter contracts; `OriginChainBridgeAdapter` and `WrapperChainBridgeAdapter`.

> 3. `bridgeToken()` function should match the exact function signature and be similar to [this](https://github.com/maticnetwork/static/blob/master/network/mainnet/cherry/artifacts/zkevm/ZkEVMBridgeAdapter.json) ABI.

Reviewer: How is the function similar to an ABI?

> **Good to have**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Nice to have
```

Reviewer: Better to use headers than bold

The bridge will call the `onMessageReceived` function in the `OriginChainBridgeAdapter` contract. Which should Ideally have the logic to mint unwrapped tokens to the recipient.

Note: It is assumed, in the above steps, that the token being bridge is native to the root chain.

## How to list my token in the BridgeUI?

Note that it is important to follow standardizations for easy listing.

1. Add your token to this list [https://github.com/maticnetwork/polygon-token-list/blob/dev/src/tokens/zkevmPopularTokens.json]
    
    Example:

    ```solidity
    {
        "chainId": 1101,
        "name": "Token Name",
        "symbol": "Token Symbol",
        "decimals": 6, // token decimal
        "address": "ZkEVM Address of the token",
        "logoURI": "Token logo url",
        "tags": ["zkevm", "stablecoin", "erc20, custom-zkevm-bridge"],
        "originTokenNetwork": 0, // 0 here is networkId of ethereum,
        "wrappedTokenNetwork": 1, // 1 here is networkId of zkEvm,
        "extensions": {
            "rootAddress": "Ethereum Address of the Token",
            "wrapperChainBridgeAdapter": "",
            "originChainBridgeAdapter": "",
            }
    },
    ```

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     Note: If the token is ethereum native then `originTokenNetwork` should be `0`. If the token is zkEVM native, then `originTokenNetwork` should be `1`. Similarly for the `wrappedTokenNetwork`.

Reviewer: Can you make this an admonition so it renders nicely?

>     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
